docs/API.md, before:

# Control API

HTTP API for status, plans, and execution mode. Base URL is configurable (default port 3344).

---

## GET /status

**GET** returns mode, panic, queue length, last-scan timestamp, proposed count, and **meta** from the plan store (same source as /plans). The **meta** field is the last-scan metadata (e.g. `ev_mode`, `carry_cfg`, `carry_debug`) and may be `null` if no scan has run yet.

---

## GET /plans and HEAD /plans

**GET** returns the last-scan proposed plans with optional filtering and pagination. **HEAD** accepts the same query params and returns 200 with the same headers (X-Plans-Total, X-Plans-Filtered, X-Build-Id) and no body (e.g. `curl -I .../plans?limit=2`). Order is deterministic: by `ev_breakdown.net_ev` descending, then `created_at` descending, then `plan_id` ascending (tiebreaker).

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Default | Description |
|----------------|--------|---------|-------------|
| `limit`       | number | 50      | Page size (1–200, clamped). |
| `offset`      | number | 0       | Skip first N plans (must be ≥ 0). |
| `min_ev`      | number | —       | Only plans with `ev_breakdown.net_ev >= min_ev`. |
| `category`    | string | —       | Exact match on `category`. Empty/whitespace = not applied. |
| `assumption_key` | string | —    | Exact match on `assumption_key`. Empty/whitespace = not applied. |

- All string params are trimmed; missing or empty-after-trim is treated as “not provided”.
- Unknown query params cause **400** with `invalid_query` and a `details` array.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "count_total": 42,
  "count_returned": 10,
  "limit": 50,
  "offset": 0,
  "plans": [ ... ]
}
```

- **count_total** — Number of plans after filters (before pagination). Equals `X-Plans-Filtered` header.
- **count_returned** — Length of `plans` in this response.
- **limit**, **offset** — Applied pagination (defaults or clamped).

Each plan has `ev_breakdown` (object). **ev_breakdown.mode** is `"capture"` | `"baseline"` for NO-outcome plans, or `"carry"` for YES-outcome carry plans. Plan ids are unique by `market_id + outcome + mode` so capture and carry plans for the same market both persist.

For **carry (YES)** plans, `ev_breakdown` always includes: `mode: "carry"`, `carry_roi_pct`, `hold_to_resolution`, `time_to_resolution_days`.

- **Pricing (always present):** `yes_bid` (number or null), `yes_ask` (number), `spread` (number when both bid and ask exist, else null; spread = yes_ask − yes_bid), `edge_abs` (number; edge = 1 − yes_ask, upside per $1 share), `spread_edge_ratio` (number when spread and edge &gt; 0, else null; spread / edge_abs), `price_source` (`"ws"` | `"http"` | `"synthetic_ask"`), and optionally `http_fallback_used: true` when CLOB HTTP was used for top-of-book.
- **Edge-vs-spread rule:** a candidate is accepted only if spread ≤ edge_abs × `spreadEdgeMaxRatio` (config). So spread must not be too large relative to carry edge. The absolute `maxSpread` check still applies; this is an additional proportional gate. The carry scan also exposes **carry_debug** counters: `spread_edge_too_high` (rejected because spread &gt; edge_abs × spreadEdgeMaxRatio) and `edge_too_small` (rejected because edge_abs ≤ spreadEdgeMinAbs).
- **Synthetic ask (PAPER ONLY):** when YES book had no ask, a synthetic entry price can be used for paper testing. Then `ev_breakdown` also includes `synthetic_ask: true`, `synthetic_ask_price`, `synthetic_reason` (e.g. `"no_ask_using_noBid_plus_tick"`), `top_noBid`, `top_noAsk`. These plans are **never** executed; they are for analysis only.
- **Synthetic time (PAPER ONLY):** when the market has no end/resolution date and synthetic carry is enabled, `time_to_resolution_days` is set to 1 and `ev_breakdown` includes `synthetic_time: true`, `synthetic_time_reason` (e.g. `"implicit_deadline_paper_only"`), `synthetic_time_to_resolution_days`. These plans are **never** executed.

### Response headers

| Header             | Meaning |
|--------------------|---------|
| `X-Plans-Total`    | Unfiltered plan store count (last scan). |
| `X-Plans-Filtered` | Same as `count_total` (filtered count before pagination). |
| `X-Build-Id`       | Build/deploy id (e.g. `GIT_SHA` or package version). |

### Error response (400)

Invalid query (e.g. unknown param or `offset < 0`):

```json
{
  "error": "invalid_query",
  "details": [ "unknown query param: foo", "offset must be >= 0" ]
}
```

---

## GET /book and HEAD /book

**GET** returns top-of-book for a given outcome token id. **HEAD** accepts the same query and returns 200 with the same headers and no body. Works for both YES and NO outcome tokens (parameter name `no_token_id` is kept for backward compatibility).

When the in-memory (WS) orderbook has no book for the token—or has a book with both `noBid` and `noAsk` null—the API may use **CLOB HTTP fallback** (GET CLOB `/book?token_id=...`). Base URL is `process.env.CLOB_HTTP_BASE` or the configured API base. When fallback is used, the response includes `price_source: "http"` and `http_fallback_used: true`; otherwise `price_source: "ws"` and `http_fallback_used: false`.

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Description |
|----------------|--------|-------------|
| `no_token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO; Polymarket CLOB asset id). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |

- Only `no_token_id` is allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "no_token_id": "12345",
  "noBid": 0.49,
  "noAsk": 0.50,
  "spread": 0.01,
  "depthSummary": {
    "bidLiquidityUsd": 1000,
    "askLiquidityUsd": 800,
    "levels": 5
  },
  "price_source": "ws",
  "http_fallback_used": false
}
```

- **no_token_id** — Normalized token id used for the book.
- **noBid**, **noAsk**, **spread** — Top-of-book levels (numbers or null).
- **depthSummary** — `bidLiquidityUsd`, `askLiquidityUsd`, `levels`. When from HTTP fallback, liquidity may be 0.
- **price_source** — `"ws"` (in-memory orderbook) or `"http"` (CLOB REST fallback).
- **http_fallback_used** — `true` when top-of-book was obtained via CLOB HTTP because WS had no book.

### Response headers

| Header       | Meaning |
|--------------|---------|
| `X-Build-Id` | Build/deploy id. |

### Error responses

- **400** — Missing or invalid query:
  - `no_token_id` missing or blank: `{ "error": "no_token_id required" }`
  - Unknown param(s): `{ "error": "invalid_query", "details": [ "unknown query param: ..." ] }`
- **404** — No book for that token: `{ "error": "book_not_found" }`

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/book?no_token_id=12345"`

---

## GET /has-book

Check whether the in-memory orderbook has a book for a given token id, and see the normalized key used for lookup (same as `/book` and internal orderbook).

### Query parameters

| Param       | Type   | Description |
|-------------|--------|-------------|
| `token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |

- Only `token_id` is allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "token_id": "12345",
  "normalized_key": "12345",
  "has_book": true,
  "note": "normalized_key is used for orderbook lookup (digits-only); has_book = book exists for that key"
}
```

- **token_id** — Input value (trimmed).
- **normalized_key** — Result of the same normalization used for orderbook lookup (e.g. digits-only).
- **has_book** — Whether a book exists for that key (`books.has(normalized_key)`).
- **note** — Short explanation.

### Error response (400)

- Missing or blank `token_id`: `{ "error": "token_id required" }`
- Unknown param(s): `{ "error": "invalid_query", "details": [ "unknown query param: ..." ] }`

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/has-book?token_id=12345"`

---

## GET /fill

Simulated fill against the in-memory orderbook for a given outcome token (YES or NO): buy (hit asks) or sell (hit bids) for a target `size_usd`. Returns fill summary with avg price, levels used, and slippage. Parameter name `no_token_id` accepts any outcome token id.

When the WS orderbook has no book (or both bid and ask null), the API may use **CLOB HTTP fallback** to get top-of-book; the fill is then simulated using a single level (best ask for buy, best bid for sell) with `levels_used: 1` and `slippage_pct: 0`. The response includes `price_source` and `http_fallback_used` as for `/book`.

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Description |
|----------------|--------|-------------|
| `no_token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |
| `side`         | string | **Required.** `buy` or `sell`. |
| `size_usd`     | number | **Required.** Target size in USD. Must be > 0; clamped to max 10,000. |

- Only `no_token_id`, `side`, and `size_usd` are allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "no_token_id": "12345",
  "side": "buy",
  "size_usd": 100,
  "top": { "noBid": 0.49, "noAsk": 0.50, "spread": 0.01 },
  "filled_usd": 100,
  "filled_shares": 200.0,
  "avg_price": 0.50,
  "levels_used": 3,
  "slippage_pct": 0.12,
  "price_source": "ws",
  "http_fallback_used": false
}
```

- **top** — Top-of-book at request time (noBid, noAsk, spread).
- **price_source** — `"ws"` or `"http"` (same as `/book`).
- **http_fallback_used** — `true` when top-of-book came from CLOB HTTP fallback.
- **filled_usd** — USD spent (buy) or proceeds (sell).
- **filled_shares** — Shares filled (may be less than full size if book is thin).
- **avg_price** — filled_usd / filled_shares.
- **slippage_pct** — Buy: (avg_price - topAsk) / topAsk × 100; sell: (topBid - avg_price) / topBid × 100.

Partial fills still return 200 with filled_usd &lt; size_usd as applicable.

### Error responses

- **400** — Missing or invalid query: `no_token_id required`, `side must be buy or sell`, `size_usd must be a positive number`, or `invalid_query` with `details`.
- **404** — No book for that token: `{ "error": "book_not_found" }`.

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/fill?no_token_id=12345&side=buy&size_usd=100"`

---

## GET /books-debug and HEAD /books-debug

**GET** returns a debug snapshot of the in-memory orderbook store (size and sample keys). **HEAD** returns 200 with the same headers and no body. Useful to verify that books are loaded for carry/NO strategies (e.g. why `carry_debug.no_book_or_ask` is high).

- No query params allowed. Any query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "size": 42,
  "sampleKeys": ["12345678901", "98765432101"],
  "note": "sampleKeys are internal normalized book keys (digits-only) used by /book and /fill"
}
```

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/books-debug"`

---

### Examples (GET /plans)

```bash
# Default pagination (limit=50, offset=0)
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans"

# Second page, 10 per page
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?limit=10&offset=10"

# Only plans with net EV >= 20
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?min_ev=20"

# Filter by category
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?category=Politics"

# With headers (for debugging)
curl -i -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?limit=5"
```

### Post-deploy smoke test

Run with the app already running (e.g. after `npm start`). Expect 200, consistent counts, and valid JSON.

```bash
BASE="${BASE_URL:-http://localhost:3344}"
echo "=== GET /plans ==="
r=$(curl -s -w "\n%{http_code}" "$BASE/plans")
code=$(echo "$r" | tail -n1)
body=$(echo "$r" | sed '$d')
echo "HTTP $code"
echo "$body" | jq -e '.count_total >= 0 and .count_returned >= 0 and .limit > 0 and .offset >= 0 and (.plans | type) == "array"' || exit 1
echo "=== GET /plans with limit (headers) ==="
curl -s -i "$BASE/plans?limit=2" | head -20
echo "=== Expect 400 for unknown param ==="
curl -s -w "\n%{http_code}" "$BASE/plans?unknown=1" | tail -1 | grep -q 400 || exit 1
echo "Smoke OK"
```

Set `BASE_URL` if your API is not on localhost:3344.

Commit message:

Control API: /plans debug=1 returns full ev_breakdown; default strips

docs/API.md, after:

# Control API

HTTP API for status, plans, and execution mode. Base URL is configurable (default port 3344).

---

## GET /status

**GET** returns mode, panic, queue length, last-scan timestamp, proposed count, and **meta** from the plan store (same source as /plans). The **meta** field is the last-scan metadata (e.g. `ev_mode`, `carry_cfg`, `carry_debug`) and may be `null` if no scan has run yet. Optional query **`debug=1`** (or `debug=true`): when set, the response also includes **`meta_full`** (same as `meta`) for convenience when inspecting full scan metadata.

---

## GET /plans and HEAD /plans

**GET** returns the last-scan proposed plans with optional filtering and pagination. **HEAD** accepts the same query params and returns 200 with the same headers (X-Plans-Total, X-Plans-Filtered, X-Build-Id) and no body (e.g. `curl -I .../plans?limit=2`). Order is deterministic: by `ev_breakdown.net_ev` descending, then `created_at` descending, then `plan_id` ascending (tiebreaker).

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Default | Description |
|----------------|--------|---------|-------------|
| `limit`       | number | 50      | Page size (1–200, clamped). |
| `offset`      | number | 0       | Skip first N plans (must be ≥ 0). |
| `min_ev`      | number | —       | Only plans with `ev_breakdown.net_ev >= min_ev`. |
| `category`    | string | —       | Exact match on `category`. Empty/whitespace = not applied. |
| `assumption_key` | string | —    | Exact match on `assumption_key`. Empty/whitespace = not applied. |
| `debug`       | —      | 0       | If `1` or `true`: return full `ev_breakdown` (e.g. `mode`, `carry_roi_pct`, pricing). Default: `ev_breakdown` is stripped to `net_ev`, `tail_risk_cost`, `tailByp`, `tail_bypass_reason` only. |

- All string params are trimmed; missing or empty-after-trim is treated as “not provided”.
- Unknown query params cause **400** with `invalid_query` and a `details` array.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "count_total": 42,
  "count_returned": 10,
  "limit": 50,
  "offset": 0,
  "plans": [ ... ]
}
```

- **count_total** — Number of plans after filters (before pagination). Equals `X-Plans-Filtered` header.
- **count_returned** — Length of `plans` in this response.
- **limit**, **offset** — Applied pagination (defaults or clamped).

Each plan has `ev_breakdown` (object). **ev_breakdown.mode** is `"capture"` | `"baseline"` for NO-outcome plans, or `"carry"` for YES-outcome carry plans. Plan ids are unique by `market_id + outcome + mode` so capture and carry plans for the same market both persist.

For **carry (YES)** plans, `ev_breakdown` always includes: `mode: "carry"`, `carry_roi_pct`, `hold_to_resolution`, `time_to_resolution_days`.

- **Pricing (always present):** `yes_bid` (number or null), `yes_ask` (number), `spread` (number when both bid and ask exist, else null; spread = yes_ask − yes_bid), `edge_abs` (number; edge = 1 − yes_ask, upside per $1 share), `spread_edge_ratio` (number when spread and edge &gt; 0, else null; spread / edge_abs), `price_source` (`"ws"` | `"http"` | `"synthetic_ask"`), and optionally `http_fallback_used: true` when CLOB HTTP was used for top-of-book.
- **Edge-vs-spread rule:** a candidate is accepted only if spread ≤ edge_abs × `spreadEdgeMaxRatio` (config). So spread must not be too large relative to carry edge. The absolute `maxSpread` check still applies; this is an additional proportional gate. The carry scan also exposes **carry_debug** counters: `spread_edge_too_high` (rejected because spread &gt; edge_abs × spreadEdgeMaxRatio) and `edge_too_small` (rejected because edge_abs ≤ spreadEdgeMinAbs).
- **Synthetic ask (PAPER ONLY):** when YES book had no ask, a synthetic entry price can be used for paper testing. Then `ev_breakdown` also includes `synthetic_ask: true`, `synthetic_ask_price`, `synthetic_reason` (e.g. `"no_ask_using_noBid_plus_tick"`), `top_noBid`, `top_noAsk`. These plans are **never** executed; they are for analysis only.
- **Synthetic time (PAPER ONLY):** when the market has no end/resolution date and synthetic carry is enabled, `time_to_resolution_days` is set to 1 and `ev_breakdown` includes `synthetic_time: true`, `synthetic_time_reason` (e.g. `"implicit_deadline_paper_only"`), `synthetic_time_to_resolution_days`. These plans are **never** executed.

### Response headers

| Header             | Meaning |
|--------------------|---------|
| `X-Plans-Total`    | Unfiltered plan store count (last scan). |
| `X-Plans-Filtered` | Same as `count_total` (filtered count before pagination). |
| `X-Build-Id`       | Build/deploy id (e.g. `GIT_SHA` or package version). |

### Error response (400)

Invalid query (e.g. unknown param or `offset < 0`):

```json
{
  "error": "invalid_query",
  "details": [ "unknown query param: foo", "offset must be >= 0" ]
}
```

---

## GET /book and HEAD /book

**GET** returns top-of-book for a given outcome token id. **HEAD** accepts the same query and returns 200 with the same headers and no body. Works for both YES and NO outcome tokens (parameter name `no_token_id` is kept for backward compatibility).

When the in-memory (WS) orderbook has no book for the token—or has a book with both `noBid` and `noAsk` null—the API may use **CLOB HTTP fallback** (GET CLOB `/book?token_id=...`). Base URL is `process.env.CLOB_HTTP_BASE` or the configured API base. When fallback is used, the response includes `price_source: "http"` and `http_fallback_used: true`; otherwise `price_source: "ws"` and `http_fallback_used: false`.

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Description |
|----------------|--------|-------------|
| `no_token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO; Polymarket CLOB asset id). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |

- Only `no_token_id` is allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "no_token_id": "12345",
  "noBid": 0.49,
  "noAsk": 0.50,
  "spread": 0.01,
  "depthSummary": {
    "bidLiquidityUsd": 1000,
    "askLiquidityUsd": 800,
    "levels": 5
  },
  "price_source": "ws",
  "http_fallback_used": false
}
```

- **no_token_id** — Normalized token id used for the book.
- **noBid**, **noAsk**, **spread** — Top-of-book levels (numbers or null).
- **depthSummary** — `bidLiquidityUsd`, `askLiquidityUsd`, `levels`. When from HTTP fallback, liquidity may be 0.
- **price_source** — `"ws"` (in-memory orderbook) or `"http"` (CLOB REST fallback).
- **http_fallback_used** — `true` when top-of-book was obtained via CLOB HTTP because WS had no book.

### Response headers

| Header       | Meaning |
|--------------|---------|
| `X-Build-Id` | Build/deploy id. |

### Error responses

- **400** — Missing or invalid query:
  - `no_token_id` missing or blank: `{ "error": "no_token_id required" }`
  - Unknown param(s): `{ "error": "invalid_query", "details": [ "unknown query param: ..." ] }`
- **404** — No book for that token: `{ "error": "book_not_found" }`

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/book?no_token_id=12345"`

---

## GET /has-book

Check whether the in-memory orderbook has a book for a given token id, and see the normalized key used for lookup (same as `/book` and internal orderbook).

### Query parameters

| Param       | Type   | Description |
|-------------|--------|-------------|
| `token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |

- Only `token_id` is allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "token_id": "12345",
  "normalized_key": "12345",
  "has_book": true,
  "note": "normalized_key is used for orderbook lookup (digits-only); has_book = book exists for that key"
}
```

- **token_id** — Input value (trimmed).
- **normalized_key** — Result of the same normalization used for orderbook lookup (e.g. digits-only).
- **has_book** — Whether a book exists for that key (`books.has(normalized_key)`).
- **note** — Short explanation.

### Error response (400)

- Missing or blank `token_id`: `{ "error": "token_id required" }`
- Unknown param(s): `{ "error": "invalid_query", "details": [ "unknown query param: ..." ] }`

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/has-book?token_id=12345"`

---

## GET /fill

Simulated fill against the in-memory orderbook for a given outcome token (YES or NO): buy (hit asks) or sell (hit bids) for a target `size_usd`. Returns fill summary with avg price, levels used, and slippage. Parameter name `no_token_id` accepts any outcome token id.

When the WS orderbook has no book (or both bid and ask null), the API may use **CLOB HTTP fallback** to get top-of-book; the fill is then simulated using a single level (best ask for buy, best bid for sell) with `levels_used: 1` and `slippage_pct: 0`. The response includes `price_source` and `http_fallback_used` as for `/book`.

### Query parameters

| Param          | Type   | Description |
|----------------|--------|-------------|
| `no_token_id`  | string | **Required.** Outcome token id (YES or NO). Trimmed; missing or blank → 400. |
| `side`         | string | **Required.** `buy` or `sell`. |
| `size_usd`     | number | **Required.** Target size in USD. Must be > 0; clamped to max 10,000. |

- Only `no_token_id`, `side`, and `size_usd` are allowed. Any other query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "no_token_id": "12345",
  "side": "buy",
  "size_usd": 100,
  "top": { "noBid": 0.49, "noAsk": 0.50, "spread": 0.01 },
  "filled_usd": 100,
  "filled_shares": 200.0,
  "avg_price": 0.50,
  "levels_used": 3,
  "slippage_pct": 0.12,
  "price_source": "ws",
  "http_fallback_used": false
}
```

- **top** — Top-of-book at request time (noBid, noAsk, spread).
- **price_source** — `"ws"` or `"http"` (same as `/book`).
- **http_fallback_used** — `true` when top-of-book came from CLOB HTTP fallback.
- **filled_usd** — USD spent (buy) or proceeds (sell).
- **filled_shares** — Shares filled (may be less than full size if book is thin).
- **avg_price** — filled_usd / filled_shares.
- **slippage_pct** — Buy: (avg_price - topAsk) / topAsk × 100; sell: (topBid - avg_price) / topBid × 100.

Partial fills still return 200 with filled_usd &lt; size_usd as applicable.

### Error responses

- **400** — Missing or invalid query: `no_token_id required`, `side must be buy or sell`, `size_usd must be a positive number`, or `invalid_query` with `details`.
- **404** — No book for that token: `{ "error": "book_not_found" }`.

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/fill?no_token_id=12345&side=buy&size_usd=100"`

---

## GET /books-debug and HEAD /books-debug

**GET** returns a debug snapshot of the in-memory orderbook store (size and sample keys). **HEAD** returns 200 with the same headers and no body. Useful to verify that books are loaded for carry/NO strategies (e.g. why `carry_debug.no_book_or_ask` is high).

- No query params allowed. Any query param → **400** with `invalid_query` and `details`.

### Response (200)

```json
{
  "size": 42,
  "sampleKeys": ["12345678901", "98765432101"],
  "note": "sampleKeys are internal normalized book keys (digits-only) used by /book and /fill"
}
```

Example: `curl -s "http://localhost:3344/books-debug"`

---

### Examples (GET /plans)

```bash
# Default pagination (limit=50, offset=0)
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans"

# Second page, 10 per page
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?limit=10&offset=10"

# Only plans with net EV >= 20
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?min_ev=20"

# Filter by category
curl -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?category=Politics"

# With headers (for debugging)
curl -i -s "http://localhost:3344/plans?limit=5"
```

### Post-deploy smoke test

Run with the app already running (e.g. after `npm start`). Expect 200, consistent counts, and valid JSON.

```bash
BASE="${BASE_URL:-http://localhost:3344}"
echo "=== GET /plans ==="
r=$(curl -s -w "\n%{http_code}" "$BASE/plans")
code=$(echo "$r" | tail -n1)
body=$(echo "$r" | sed '$d')
echo "HTTP $code"
echo "$body" | jq -e '.count_total >= 0 and .count_returned >= 0 and .limit > 0 and .offset >= 0 and (.plans | type) == "array"' || exit 1
echo "=== GET /plans with limit (headers) ==="
curl -s -i "$BASE/plans?limit=2" | head -20
echo "=== Expect 400 for unknown param ==="
curl -s -w "\n%{http_code}" "$BASE/plans?unknown=1" | tail -1 | grep -q 400 || exit 1
echo "Smoke OK"
```

Set `BASE_URL` if your API is not on localhost:3344.
